>> Brian Holt: You all should have at
least, hopefully, attempted the exercise.
And today we're gonna go over the answers.
>> Brian Holt: Just before we get into all
these sort of things, again, this is hard.
For many of you, this was your very
first exposure to programming, and
that's tough, right?
If you feel like it's hard or if you have
people telling you they can't do it,
screw them right?
You can definitely do this.
This is just a matter of persistence,
right?
I remember I tried multiple times to learn
a foreign language, and it took me like my
third or fourth time before I finally
found a language that I could figure out.
[LAUGH] So you can definitely do this,
let's just do this together.
>> Brian Holt: The person that's
persistent is usually the one that figures
all this stuff out.
So let's go do this exercise together.
>> Brian Holt: All right, cool.
So here we have the first one, Australia.
Which hopefully was a good example for
you.
I'm not doing anything being case,
actually, I'm being case sensitive here.
If you wanted to go the extra mile,
you could have said here,
toUpperCase === 'CANBERRA'.
Or, yeah, that would have been fine, too.
And then here,
I'm adding 100 to the point total, right?
So only if they got it correct.
I think something I failed to mention
previously is that as soon as
you call return, the function finishes.
It doesn't do anything beyond that.
So if I come up here and say,
return isCorrect, right here,
none of that stuff underneath
is gonna get executed.
So that's something to
keep in mind as well.
>> Speaker 2: Just inside
the curly brackets?
>> Brian Holt: As soon as it
runs into a return statement,
the function is finished.
So that's both useful if you
are trying to finish it early and
not useful if you're not.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's go do,
what is the capital of Canada?
If you said Toronto, you are incorrect.
So, const isCorrect =
UserAnswer === 'OTTAWA'.
>> Brian Holt: if (isCorrect),
>> Brian Holt: points
+= 100;, return isCorrect.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
that should be enough for that one.
>> Speaker 3: Don't you
need to do toUpperCase?
>> Brian Holt: You can.
Yeah, in this case though,
you'd have to, cuz I did that.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: In all honestly,
I don't actually care if you do this part.
It's probably useful, because if
someone types Ottawa with lowercase,
though, it's gonna be
frustrating on your quiz.
But as long as you're getting the
programming principles here, I'm happy.
>> Speaker 4: Is there a best practice for
this if you're working with
user answers and forums?
>> Brian Holt: I think you gotta take
that one on a case-by-case basis.
Some things you would expect
to be insensitive, right?
But it's probably pretty,
like emails, right?
Emails are case insensitive.
But something like maybe first names,
right, probably are case sensitive.
So it depends.
It's good question.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, function uppercase.
I do care in this case.
[LAUGH] So,
const isCorrect = userAnswer.toUpperCase,
or rather that's their answer.
So you wanna check if
word is to.UpperCase.
UpperCase, right, cuz this is what
you're getting back from the user.
You expect it to be uppercase, otherwise,
they would have gotten the question wrong,
right?
>> Brian Holt: Then, if(isCorrect),
>> Brian Holt: points += 200.
And then you're gonna return isCorrect,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: First three letters.
>> Brian Holt: const isCorrect =,
>> Brian Holt: userAnswer === word.
And there's couple of ways
you could have done this.
The way I chose to do was with substr
from zero, and you go, length 3.
But you could have used the other one,
which would have been,
I think, substring 0.
Actually, it probably was the same thing.
>> Brian Holt: Let's check.
>> Brian Holt: Actually,
I think it would be 0 to 2,
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: I'll try that.
This is cool.
>> Brian Holt: So there's another
one called substring, like this.
And if you did 0 to 2, I think that
would give you the same thing.
Nope, it is 0, 3.
So in this case, it doesn't matter.
You could have used substr or
substring, and
the parameters would have
been exactly the same.
Just to explain to you
why that's different,
>> Brian Holt: This one, substr,
which I had looked this up,
by the way, before coming here.
So I do not have this memorized.
This one starts at index whatever, and
then this goes for 3 length, right?
So starts at index 0 and goes for 3.
This one starts at index 0 and
ends at index 3.
And when I say index, 0,
1, 2, 3, and so on, right?
So-
>> Speaker 4: Say that again,
is there a difference?
They both start at whatever index and end
at index 3, and they're both exclusive.
Meaning that it doesn't actually-
>> Brian Holt: Okay, yeah,
I see what you're saying.
So substring, if I change this to 3, okay?
This would start on index 3 and
go for length 3.
So I have this and i, right there.
>> Brian Holt: Whereas if I did
substring and I did the same parameters,
it would give me one character I think,
one or zero characters.
Yeah, it gives me zero characters, cuz it
starts at index 3 and ends at index 3.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: That make sense?
>> Speaker 4: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: I think
substring is the preferred way,
but honestly, you can use either one.
I've been using this one because
that's the one I can remember.
[LAUGH] So either way.
>> Brian Holt: You'll find there's very
rarely one answer to these questions.
There's many ways to do this.
And often, not one of them is
more correct than the other.